All right, we're going to transition
to binding this onto react.
We're gonna work on one
of the simpler examples,
which is having a counter
since our last incident.
I put a string in there so
you can change it to whatever you want
the last coffee spill, the last outage,
whatever makes you the happiest you can
swap it into, if you want to play along.
There's two ways to do that.
There is a sandbox here that
you can use in your browser.
There, if you go to
the repositories using this course,
you can grab incident counter as well.
Both of those are available,
whichever one makes you happier.
I think the sandbox will
work pretty great for
those who'd be able to see the code and
the counter at the same time.
I'm gonna do it in my editor so
I can push up branches on the live coding,
push up commits on the live
coding branch as we go along so
you can see different
steps as things happen.
So what we're gonna do now is we're
going to apply some of the things
that we have seen before.
Now, what are the things I'm not gonna do
in this example is fuss around too much
about folder structure.
There are many different philosophies
about how to structure your folder and
in my experience, it really depends on
the app like we have done different
structures for different applications.
We can talk a little bit about that.
We get around to questions and
discuss some of the details, but for
the point of like jumping around between
files, I'm gonna keep everything flat.
There are different philosophies
around how to do this.
And we'll play with some
of those as we go on.
In the workshop, but the very simplest
level will keep it super simple, which
means we're gonna start out by putting our
actions into just a file called actions.
And it's useful to think
about what this counter
what are all the things that could happen
and what is the state that we need.
We looked at this.
Luckily, it's pretty
straightforward at this point.
The major piece of state is
where we are in this counter.
The things that can happen
are incrementing, decrementing and
resetting it eventually will add
a few more features to it as well.
The major things that we're
gonna need to figure out is one,
how to even tell react that
are that Redux exists right?
And then two,
how to then get it to receive that state.
And three,
how to get it to dispatch actions.
Really, we can get that virtuous
cycle going, we have effectively
figured out how to bind to react to
Redux and Redux to react and vice versa.
So those are kinda the major
things that we need to do.
We can kinda see what our actions
are in this case, as well.
And let's go ahead and
we will implement them and so
we're gonna start with that initial,
Philosophy we talked about before of the
kind of like all capital letter constants.
We'll see later when we do Redux toolkit
that we can have other ways to do
it as well.
We'll start with the kind of
the one that you will likely see
the most common in the long legacy
of Redux and React code bases.
And then we'll kind of talk about some of
the newer stuff that you might also see
going forward.
So we'll have the ability to increment,
that seems good.
We'll have the ability to decrement.
And then I could have reset, but I,
unlike the rest of you all know
the future of this application.
So I'm gonna have an action called set,
mostly because I want something that takes
a payload and eventually we're gonna
be able to not only set it to zero but
set it to any arbitrary number as well.
You can kinda see that there's a set
counter component that exists over here,
that I'm just not mentioning right now.
And then we'll create our
action creators as well.
So, export const increment,
is really just gonna make
an action of the type increment.
You can take a wiled guess of
what increment is going to do.
And then set is gonna be interesting
one cuz set to kind of show you how
this works.
They'll take some would say amount value,
let's go with value.
To reset the value on the counter.
So this will be the type set.
And the payload will be the values.
This is a way to like format our objects.
Again, you can see if there were many
more things that we need to know,
to make this happen, then we might have
additional properties here as well.
And the payload property
is totally optional.
It's just a convention that
you will commonly see.
And with that, if your code base that
you work in right now does something
different, that's totally fine.
Nobody's wrong.
The only way, the only thing is
important that you're consistent.
Whatever you consistently use as
a standard in your codebase is all that
really matters.
It doesn't necessarily matter
what exactly that standard is.
Like there's a lot of flexibility because
as we saw when we did our deep dive on
Redux, It's all just JavaScript, right?
There's nothing particularly
special about it's just a pattern
that we're using in our application.
So our reducer,
fairly straightforward as well.
Like there was a reason why we were
playing around with a counter example for
a while there.
Our reducer is going to
import those action types, so
we will pull them in as we need them.
I think the auto import and
Visual Studio code will serve me here.
So we'll say export the constant
of initial state is going to be a,
Count of zero and now, our reducer
is gonna be pretty straightforward.
We'll just export const reducer and
that will take
the state that equals the initial state,
and an action.
I will remember to return the state
now cuz we've already made that Booba
wants to do.
And now we've got the different cases and
these are pretty straightforward
to figure out what should happen.
If the action type is increment.
Then we got to pull that in.
Then we wanna take the count and
State camp was 1.
If we want a decrement pretty
straightforward, you can imagine.
Subtract 1, and then set is going
to use that action payload.
One of the things you might see in
other code bases as you'll see a switch
statement being used,
where I'll switch between all
the action with different cases.
The other thing you could do is you could
have the action types in an object where
the keys are the different types
of actions that you respect and
the value is the function that you wanna
call with the state and the action.
That's how Redux toolkit works.
That also is super helpful for
kind of very large reducers.
The fact of the matter is,
it's all just JavaScript.
So whichever one makes you happier is
totally something that you can use.
I like to use the conditionals over the
switch statements because it's very easy
to move them around and cut and paste them
versus, okay, you have to have the brakes
and the default and you can't just totally
lift one piece of code and drop it into.
Another place in the application,
so I like to use conditionals.
But if you prefer switch statements,
that is totally okay as well.
And here are the count is just
gonna be the action not payload.
I'm just gonna make sure
that it's a number As well.
One of the things that is kind of a best
practice is all of the peculiarities
about what needs to happen to get
your state in the right format should
happen in the reducer.
Could you make sure that the input field
was parsed into an integer in the action?
Yeah, you could, but now when you need to
change that code you'd have to run around
to all of your different actions and
go look for it.
Versus if that logic
happens in the reducers,
you know that there's one common place.
I like to keep my actions to,
one way thing about is just the facts.
Right, which is just literally tell me
what happened exactly as it happened.
And I keep all of the, kind of, what
that actually means to my application in
the reducer, because that's effectively
what I'm doing in the reducer.
Anyway, as I took the action in the state,
I'm trying to figure out what that means.
So, to be clear between the actions and
the reducer,
all we have to do is create a store.
And then we have a full like working
implementation of Redux that just
doesn't know anything about react.
So we'll create the store and
we will go ahead and
we will put it into our react application.
So we'll make one more file.
We'll call store.js.
And here we need the create
store from Redux.
And we also need our reducer.
So we'll say our, Store equals,
Create store.
Not that reduce.
Cool reducer.
Let's go ahead, and
we'll just export this.
So now we got a full working
implementation of Redux,
we just need to bind it
to our react application.
So here I have the initial setup of my
react application here in index.js.
And what we'll do in this case
is we're gonna pull in this
library called react Redux.
React Redux,
has a very small API surface area as well.
There's a few like advanced, like API's
that we will the four major ones that
we'll use are two hooks, one for
getting state one for dispatching actions.
Connect for
wrapping components with the state and
the dispatch and then a provider
which answer other questions that
we got earlier just basically hooks
up Redux into your context API so
your react application can
access it from anywhere.
So what we'll do in this case is
we will pull in this provider.
And we'll pull in the store.
And all we have to do is wrap
the application in very,
very similar to the context API, where
the store equals the store that we made.
I don't want that slasher.
And here we'll say provider.
Now, our store is being passed and
threaded through the entire component
hierarchy of our react application and
we are, they are now aware of each other.